Azure Arc-enabled vSphere documentation update (#202)
Azure/arc_jumpstart_docs: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_vsphere/resource_bridge/powershell/_index.md

The following Jumpstart scenario will guide you on how to use the provided PowerShell script to deploy the [Azure Arc resource bridge](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/resource-bridge/overview) in your vSphere environment to connect your vCenter Server to Azure Arc.

> > **Note:** This Jumpstart scenario assumes you already have a working VMware vSphere environment and is not covering VMware-specific best practices and design recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This Jumpstart scenario assumes you already have a working VMware vSphere environment and does not cover VMware-specific best practices and design recommendations.
```
